README.markdown, before:

# A SASS mixin for Silk icons using an image sprite 

## Usage
This is for working with the sample [compass css] [compass_core_website] project.  The sass mixin is in the src/partials directory and is to be used with images/silk-sprite.png.  These can be used in any project.

    $ (sudo) gem install compass
    $ git clone http://github.com/zarzax/silk-sass-mixin.git
    $ cd silk-sass-mixin
    $ compass -w
  
Open index.html in a web browser.

## Author
This sass mixin was written by [Mark Young] [zarzax_home].

## Credits
 - Silk Icons Set by Mark James  [http://famfamfam.com/] [famfamfam]
 - SilkSprite Blueprint Plugin by [Don Albrecht] [ajaxbeastiary]

## License
Released under a [creative commons Attribution 2.5 license] [license].

[compass_core_website]: http://github.com/chriseppstein/compass/tree/master/frameworks/compass
[license]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/
[zarzax_home]: http://www.zarzax.com
[famfamfam]: http://famfamfam.com/
[ajaxbeastiary]: http://www.ajaxbestiary.com/Labs/SilkSprite/

Commit message:

added the Silk companion 1 pack

README.markdown, after:

# A SASS mixin for Silk icons using an image sprite 

## Usage
This is for working with the sample [compass css] [compass_core_website] project.  The sass mixin is in the src/partials directory and is to be used with images/silk-sprite.png, images/silk1-sprite.png, and images/silk2-sprite.png.  These can be used in any project.

    $ (sudo) gem install compass
    $ git clone http://github.com/zarzax/silk-sass-mixin.git
    $ cd silk-sass-mixin
    $ compass -w
  
Open index.html in a web browser.

## Author
This sass mixin was written by [Mark Young] [zarzax_home].

## Credits
 - Silk Icons Set by Mark James  [http://famfamfam.com/] [famfamfam]
 - SilkSprite Blueprint Plugin by [Don Albrecht] [ajaxbeastiary]
 - Silk Companion II by [damieng.com] [companion1]
 - Silk Companion II by [Cagintranet Web Design] [companion2]

## License
Released under a [creative commons Attribution 2.5 license] [license].

[compass_core_website]: http://github.com/chriseppstein/compass/tree/master/frameworks/compass
[license]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/
[zarzax_home]: http://www.zarzax.com
[famfamfam]: http://famfamfam.com/
[ajaxbeastiary]: http://www.ajaxbestiary.com/Labs/SilkSprite/
[companion1]: http://damieng.com/creative/icons/silk-companion-1-icons
[companion2]: http://www.cagintranet.com/archive/download-famfamfam-silk-companion-2-icon-pack/
